Name of Student: Michael Burton

Name of Project: Let's all get rich! (or some other clever pun. I'm open to suggestions)

Project's Purpose or Goal: this app will show the most common numbers drawn in any lottery games to be able to give the user winning numbers

List the absolute minimum features the project requires to meet this purpose or goal:

make a call to a lottery API to find all past drawn numbers
take all the numbers drawn ever and calculate the most common numbers drawn
have a UI that will display "winning" numbers
What tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, modules and/or other resources (whatever is specific to your track, and your language) will you use to create this MVP? List them all here. Be specific.

API: https://collectapi.com/api/chancegame/lottery-api
Javascript
react or some kind of webpack
css or tailwind for design
If you finish developing the minimum viable product (MVP) with time to spare, what will you work on next? Describe these features here: Be specific.

Have some filters for users to be able to query for whatever state they want to check
Have some filters for users to be able to query for specific games they want to check
(also, open to some ideas here)
What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?

another api if I cannot find the correct querrable endpoints to be able to search by state or game
Is there anything else you'd like your instructor to know?

While I am excited to attempt this by myself I am terrified that I will not have the chops to do this on my own. I guess you don't really need to know this but I feel like I need to vent my anxieties.


Update: after speaking with My instructors it was brought up that the API I chose hit a pretty large paywall really quickly. I spent several hours looking for an API that would work for me, but was free to use. After some frustration and another talk with instructors I have revised My MVP

MVP: I am now going to build an API with dummy data to be able to use on a client side application. the app will still incorporate the goals that I had before I just need to be able to feed it some Data. 

Strech goals : If I get the app working I will try to teach myself how to scrape websites for data to get actual past winning numbers from lotto pages.